README.md, before:

# Sleek Portfolio by vineet paun

A modern, responsive portfolio website built with Next.js 15, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Shadcn UI. Features a blog system, project showcase and work experience timeline

<!-- ![Portfolio Preview](/public/meta/hero.png) -->

## Deploy

Click here to your portfolio template now:

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Framxcodes%2Fsleek-portfolio&env=TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN,TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID,GEMINI_API_KEY,NEXT_PUBLIC_URL,NEXT_PUBLIC_UMAMI_SRC,NEXT_PUBLIC_UMAMI_ID)

## Features

- **Next.js 16** with App Router
- **Tailwind CSS** for styling
- **Shadcn UI** components
- **Dark/Light** mode
- **Responsive** design
- **TypeScript** for type safety

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- Bun (preferred) or npm

## Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:

```env
GEMINI_API_KEY="your-api-key"
NODE_ENV="development"
NEXT_PUBLIC_URL="http://localhost:3000"
```

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ramxcodes/sleek-portfolio.git
   cd sleek-portfolio
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   # Using bun (recommended)
   bun install

   # Using npm
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   # Using bun
   bun dev

   # Using npm
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Configuration

The project uses configuration files in the `src/config` directory for easy customization:

- `About.tsx` - About section content
- `Contact.tsx` - Contact form settings
- `Experience.tsx` - Work experience details
- `Gears.tsx` - Setup/gear section
- `Hero.tsx` - Hero section content
- `Meta.tsx` - SEO and metadata
- `Navbar.tsx` - Navigation links
- `Projects.tsx` - Project showcase settings
- `Quote.ts` - Random quotes configuration
- `Resume.ts` - Resume section details
- `Setup.tsx` - Development setup information
- `cat.ts` - Enable disable the cat

## Adding New Technology Icons

1. Visit [Devicon](https://devicon.dev/) to find the icon you want to add
2. Create a new component in `src/components/technologies/`
3. Follow the existing component structure for consistency

Example:

```tsx
export const NewTechIcon = () => {
  return <svg>// SVG content from devicon</svg>;
};
```

## Adding Content

### Blog Posts

1. Create a new MDX file in `src/data/blog/`
2. Add metadata and content following existing post structure
3. Add blog thumbnail in `public/blog/`

### Projects

1. Create a new MDX file in `src/data/projects/`
2. Add metadata and content following existing project structure
3. Add project thumbnail in `public/project/`

## License

Commit message:

chore: remove unused MDX stack and update docs

README.md, after:

# Sleek Portfolio by vineet paun

A modern, responsive portfolio website built with Next.js 15, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Shadcn UI. Features a blog system, project showcase and work experience timeline

<!-- ![Portfolio Preview](/public/meta/hero.png) -->

## Deploy

Click here to your portfolio template now:

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Framxcodes%2Fsleek-portfolio&env=TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN,TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID,GEMINI_API_KEY,NEXT_PUBLIC_URL,NEXT_PUBLIC_UMAMI_SRC,NEXT_PUBLIC_UMAMI_ID)

## Features

- **Next.js 16** with App Router
- **Tailwind CSS** for styling
- **Shadcn UI** components
- **Dark/Light** mode
- **Responsive** design
- **TypeScript** for type safety

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- Bun (preferred) or npm

## Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:

```env
GEMINI_API_KEY="your-api-key"
NODE_ENV="development"
NEXT_PUBLIC_URL="http://localhost:3000"
```

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ramxcodes/sleek-portfolio.git
   cd sleek-portfolio
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   # Using bun (recommended)
   bun install

   # Using npm
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   # Using bun
   bun dev

   # Using npm
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Configuration

The project uses configuration files in the `src/config` directory for easy customization:

- `About.tsx` - About section content
- `Contact.tsx` - Contact form settings
- `Experience.tsx` - Work experience details
- `Gears.tsx` - Setup/gear section
- `Hero.tsx` - Hero section content
- `Meta.tsx` - SEO and metadata
- `Navbar.tsx` - Navigation links
- `Projects.tsx` - Project showcase settings
- `Quote.ts` - Random quotes configuration
- `Resume.ts` - Resume section details
- `Setup.tsx` - Development setup information
- `cat.ts` - Enable disable the cat

## Adding New Technology Icons

1. Visit [Devicon](https://devicon.dev/) to find the icon you want to add
2. Create a new component in `src/components/technologies/`
3. Follow the existing component structure for consistency

Example:

```tsx
export const NewTechIcon = () => {
  return <svg>// SVG content from devicon</svg>;
};
```

## Adding Content

### Blog Posts

1. Blog posts are fetched from Hashnode (`src/lib/blog.ts`)
2. Publish articles on your connected Hashnode publication
3. Update `HASHNODE_HOST` in `src/lib/blog.ts` if needed

### Projects

1. Add/update project entries in `src/config/Projects.tsx`
2. Add project thumbnails in `public/project/`

## License
